Added build command to readme (#5)
Vocovo/docker-mosquitto: README.md

## Usage

### Build for use with the Vocovo Edge Broker

```shell

> docker build -t vocovo/docker-mosquitto:latest --build-arg MOSQUITTO_VERSION=1.6.15 .

Reviewer: Maybe we can change the build argument into a more generic one? 

The Dockerfile already defaults to 1.6.15

Author: Sure. Can we just leave out the build arg?

Reviewer: Maybe we should add it somewhere? It currently is not immediately visible. 

Only instance I see it referenced is in the example section. So it's not immediately obvious that the version can be changed 🤔

Author: Where are you thinking we would add it?

I want to add the simplest command possible that a developer would need to run to build this image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# To add a custom version, use the build-arg flag followed by the version (e.g.: --build-arg MOSQUITTO_VERSION=1.5.11)
docker build -t vocovo/docker-mosquitto:latest .
```

Something like this perhaps?

Author: Perfect, thanks!
